northamerica color
latinamerica
Europe
india and southwest asia neeed to work color

Greater China and Mongolia
EURASIA AND MIDDLE EAST
Africa
ASEAN
Japan and South Korea

.rte--ck5>.ck-content .fontSizeMedium


great china
latin America


.rte--ck5>.ck-content .fontSizeMedium{
color: white  !important;
}

.root-153 a {
    color: white !important;
}


.rte--ck5>.ck-content .fontSizeMedium{
color: white !important;
}

.root-153 a {
    color: white !important;
}


northamerica




li a {
  color: aqua;
  @include for-desktop {
    color: $color-red-1000;
  }
}




 Hi @srikant. Good morning. On Friday, In the first half, I worked on the Velo project. , I completed a task and shared the code with Vinodkumar. In the second half, I worked on two components, and I have completed those and shared the code with Jila.


Hi Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked on the feedback for the two components and I creating two new components on the ABT. and I spent two hours on the Velo project for the client feedback and the design changes,



Hi Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked on the feedback for the next two components and created three new components. In the evening, I shared the code with Jila for review. Today, I will continue working on the other components.


Hi Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I created four new components and shared the code with Jila for review. Today, Mahesh mentioned that he will connect at 10 a.m. to discuss the task, so I need to connect with him.



Hi Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked on another four components and shared them with Jila. I also shared a Google Sheet with Vignesh the dates when I haven't filled out the timesheet. Today, I will complete the remaining components on the ABT.
Hi Srikant,

Good morning. Yesterday, I messaged Mahesh Kamma for feedback and the next task. He said he would review the code today and get back to me. After that, I completed the task assigned by Venkateswar Rao on the BAT project. Today, I will ping Mahesh again about the task if he is giving the task I will do that.In the mean time If I have any tasks in the BAT project I will work on that.














Hi Srikant,

Good morning. Yesterday, I messaged Venkateshwar for the next task,  he asked me to check with Satheesh. I pinged Satheesh he mentioned that they are waiting for the final designs. Once they receive them, they will share the designs with me.

I also messaged Mahesh Kamma regarding the task. In the meantime, I practiced the Node.js sessions. Mahesh later asked me to work on the sticky navbar feedback, which I am currently working on that. Afterward, if there are no tasks for the ABT and BAT projects, I will continue learning Node.js.






08-08-24
Hi Srikant,

Good morning. Yesterday, I worked on the BAT project task assigned by Yashwant. I completed that component and shared it with him. He said it's working fine on both desktop and mobile views. After that, I completed the sticky navigation components and shared the code with Mahesh. He mentioned he would take a look and get back to me. For today’s tasks, I will ask someone in the BAT project 




09-08-24
Hi Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, Venkateshwarrao assigned a quiz component to me and shared the requirements as a PowerPoint presentation, which I have reviewed. I requested the Figma file from him, and he said he would share it. In the meantime, I messaged Mahesh regarding the task on ABT, but I haven’t received any response from him. So, I continued learning Node.js. Later in the evening, around 6:30, Satheesh shared the PSD file. I tried to sign in but don’t have access to it, so I informed Satheesh. Today, I will infrom with him to get the access. and I will start work on that component.






12-08-2024

Hi Srikant, good morning. On Friday, I pinged Satheesh again for the PSD access, but I haven't received a reply. I also messaged to Mahesh Kamma about the task on ABT, and he hasn't reply . So, I continued learning on Node.js. Later in the evening, I spoke with Satheesh about the access, and he mentioned that he would provide it soon. Hopefully, I'll receive the access today and can start working on it.



13

14-08-2024

ABT: Yesterday, I connected with Mahesh regarding the animation and transition. He mentioned that we need to implement it with a parallax effect. He asked me to learn about this, and after that, I provided you with the timelines. 



BAT: Vinodkumar assigned me the Popup component and shared the Figma file with me. I requested the source code to begin working on it. He advised me to connect with Vittal for the code setup and mentioned that I would need access. he asked me  to message Vinod Bathi about this, which I did. Vinod Bathi requested an ASANA ticket created by Satheesh or Anil before we could proceed. I informed Vinodkumar on this, and due to the delay, I created a separate HTML file on my machine and began working on the Popup component. By the end of the day, I completed the Popup component and showed it with Vinodkumar,he said it is ok.  then tested the code across all browsers and shared it with Vinodkumar. 


Today, I need to learn about the parallax effect and implement it. Additionally, I will ask someone from the BAT team if there are any other tasks available.



14-08-2024
Hi Srikanth Gundlapally,  Good Morning
 
ABT : Yesterday, I connected with Mahesh regarding the animation and transition. He mentioned that we need to implement it with a parallax effect. He asked me to learn about this, and after that, I provided you with the timelines.
 
 
BAT : Vinodkumar assigned me the Popup component and shared the Figma file with me. I requested the source code to begin working on it. He advised me to connect with Vittal for the code setup and mentioned that I would need access. he asked me  to message Vinod Bathi about this, which I did. Vinod Bathi requested an ASANA ticket created by Satheesh or Anil before we could proceed. I informed Vinodkumar on this, and due to the delay, I created a separate HTML file on my machine and began working on the Popup component. By the end of the day, I completed the Popup component and showed it with Vinodkumar,he said it is ok.  then tested the code across all browsers and shared it with Vinodkumar.
 
 
Today, I need to learn about the parallax effect and implement it. Additionally, I will ask someone from the BAT team if there are any other tasks available.   





19-08-2024

Hi @srikant, good morning. On Wednesday, I worked on the parallax effect for the four components. Later in the evening, I received feedback on the sticky-nav bar and the additional task for the peekaboo header. After that, I shared the code with Mahesh and Jila. On Friday, I received an invitation to the Griffith project on Zoho Projects. I will check for any tasks on BAT and Griffith; if there are none, I will continue working on the parallax effect and the feedback.



20-08-2024

Hi Srikanth Gundlapally,
Good morning. Yesterday, BAT: Yashwant assigned me the card slider component. I made it responsive, checked it across all browsers, and shared the code with Yashwant. On ABT, I worked on the Peekaboo header for the desktop view. Today, I will ask the BAT team if there are any tasks available. Otherwise, I will continue working on ABT. For the Griffith University project, I think they will assign the ticket today or tomorrow.



21-08-2024

Yesterday, Venkateshwarrao assigned the quiz component to me and shared the PSD file. I am unable to open it with Adobe Photoshop Express so he asked me to connect with vittal or yuvaraj.so I connected with Vittal, he advised me to install Photoshop. Since I don’t have Photoshop and cannot open the PSD file, and I also don’t have access to the Asana file, I informed Satheesh and Venkateshwarrao about the issue. After that, I created four components for the BAT project with dummy images: the quiz component, two popup components, and the answer component. In the Griffith project, I reviewed the files shared for the adjustment calculator. And today I got the activation mail to access Griffith systems. so I need to activate that. 

ask about he timesheet




22-08-2024

Hi @Srikant, good morning! Yesterday, for the Griffith University project, Vignesh and I activated the Griffith account and reviewed the Excel and pdfs to develop the adjustment calculator in React.js. They mentioned in the email that we will start from today.

In the BAT project, I created two more components for the quiz. Today, I will continue working on the BAT project until we are fully set up with the Griffith project.







23-08-2024

Hi @srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked on the 4 bugs shared by Vinodkumar and completed them. I also worked on the three quiz score popup components shared by Venkateshwarao, and I have completed those and shared the code with him.

Today at 10:30 a.m., I have the Griffith University kickoff meeting, so I need to join that.



26-08-2024

Hi Srikant,

Good morning. On Friday, I attended the Griffith kickoff call. Roman explained the project and clarified the doubts I had. He also mentioned that Arthi will be the project manager. They asked me to come up with some questions if I have for the client call tomorrow, so I have some questions prepared.

And in the BAT project, I worked on the bug fixes shared by Venkateshwarao and created new components on it. Today, I need to discuss my questions with Vignesh, and then I will share them with Arthi.





27-08-2024

Hi @srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked with Venkateshwararao on the quiz component. In the Griffith project, I discussed the questions with Vignesh and posted them in Zoho comments. I also worked on the calculator logic.
Today, I will check with anyone from the BAT team to see if there are any tasks. and in the Griffith continue working on the adjustment calculator logic.


28-08-2024

Hi @srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked with Vinodkumar on bug fixes we fixed that. And In the Griffith project, I attended the client call, clarified my doubts, created the project setup, and started working on the implementation. I will continue working on the same today.


29-08-2024

Hi @srikant, good morning! Yesterday, I worked with Venkateshwararao on the quiz component and with Yashwant on the slider component. In the Griffith project, I am implementing the logic for the adjustment calculator. I received the Git repo invitation today, and Jira is following up with the client.


Hi @Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked on the timelines and raised some questions with Arthi.She mentioned that we would discuss it in today’s standup and send the questions to Ramon. I also focused more on the logic part; and I worked on the HTML development.  Additionally, in the BAT project, I worked with Yashwant on bug fixes.



02-09-2024

Hi Srikant, good morning.

On Friday, I worked on conditional rendering based on the user's selection and fetched details from the API. We also asked some questions to Ramon, but we haven't received any answers yet.

In the BAT project, I worked with Yashwant on bug fixes for 30 minutes. Today, I will be working on the calculation logic.


09-09-2024

Hi Srikant, good morning. On Friday,  client shared the existing CSS link and asked me to use that link to apply the CSS. I have implemented it and completed the adjustment calculator. They also asked me to push the code to the Git file bridge.So that the client also can see the calculator. Today, I need to check what that was. Additionally, I attended the Bursa intro call and the walkthrough on friday.

10-09-2024

Hi Srikant, good morning. Yesterday, I worked with Arun on QA, and he had some doubts about the questions. I also looked into the Git file bridge. I attended the Bursa call from 3:30 to 5:30, and after that, Thamsi worked on my system to install Sophos VPN for connecting to GitLab. It took around 1 hour and 30 minutes. Today, I will push the code to the Git file bridge.


heroBanner
introContent
textwithbackground
videowithbackground

backgroundwithtext
featurestoryvideo
featurestorytext

for this logice IF(Q10 = {1,3} and (Q2>=4000, Q2<5000  and Q11=1280 , 0.05, 0):i have 2 json files that i need to use  in the backend folder and i need to use that in the frontend folder

Hi Today I worked on the backend API integration and conditional rendering 

